I said can't leave
Naturally, I have my reasons.
If you have to leave
I won't stop you either.
You just said that your husband is not very rich.
But he bought that woman a house and a car
If you divorce now
What to raise a daughter
But I can fight for some joint property.
As much as you can fight for
People like your mother-in-law and your husband
How much do you think you can get?
But isn't there still your lawyer here? Let me put it this way
If your family has 1 million
No matter how good a lawyer you hire, you can only get 50 for you.
Tang Lu, you are joking
Our family shouldn't be that poor.
You see
You don't even know how much money your family has now.
From the moment you got married
It has always been your husband who earns money and your mother-in-law who manages the money
Your family's money has nothing to do with you
But I didn't expect such a day to come
Then think carefully about why your husband and your mother-in-law treat you like this.
It must be to get rid of me quickly so that I can make room for that woman
This sentence is nonsense
Lawyer based on my years of experience
If nothing else
Your family's money is now in that woman's name
How is that possible?
They're ready to kick you out
If I'm right
You won't get a penny.
There may also be debt
So what should I do now?
So I said I can't get a divorce for the time being, but I really can't stay in this family for a day
What is there to cry
To be honest, I can help you solve these problems.
But I need an attitude from you
A powerful attitude
How can I help you file a lawsuit if you are so crying?
I've always wondered what
This Tang Jian and the parties train him like a grandson every time
Hey these people
Just stick to him and never give up
What are you trying to say?
Oops, I'm just mad, but I lick my face every time I smile so I can talk, just like his grandson
Well, in the end, they stood up.
Good lawyer tang
I don't suffer anymore
You tell me what to do.
I listen to you
So you do what I say next